README.md, before:

# code-reading

## Introduction

How often have you had to read an unfamiliar codebase?

We read code many, many times more than we write it, but we spend most of our 
time learning to write the code, and rarely spend the time to think about how we 
can improve our understanding of pre-existing code.

Join us as we dig into codebases and find out how to identify the key elements
of previously unknown source, identify patterns in the code, and dive into 
understanding how the internals of code we use is written.

Doing this will help you see how other folks write code, help you pick up a 
project faster, debug issues in dependencies, and improve your own code writing
skills.

## JavaScript

### Origami Image Service

[https://github.com/Financial-Times/origami-image-service](./JavaScript/Financial-Times_origami-image-service)

### Scottish (Irish) Covid Backend

[https://github.com/HSEIreland/covid-green-backend-api](./JavaScript/HSEIreland_covid-green-backend-api)

## TypeScript

### Scottish (Irish) Covid Mobile App

[https://github.com/HSEIreland/covid-tracker-app](./TypeScript/HSEIreland_covid-tracker-app)

## Java

### UK Government Payments Public API

[https://github.com/alphagov/pay-publicapi](./Java/alphagov_pay-publicapi)

### Apache James Email Server

[https://github.com/apache/james-project](./Java/apache_james-project)

### UK Government Payments Reporting

[https://github.com/alphagov/pay-ledger](./Java/alphagov_pay-ledger)

### UK Govermnent Letter sending service

[https://github.com/hmcts/send-letter-service](./Java/hmcts_send-letter-service)

### German Corona-Warn-App Testresult Server

https://github.com/corona-warn-app/cwa-testresult-server

### CarbonJ - A high-performance drop-in replacement to carbon-relay and carbon-cache

A Java-based Spring Boot application

[https://github.com/salesforce/carbonj](./Java/salesforce_carbonj)

## Scala

### UK Government Soft Drinks Levy API

[https://github.com/hmrc/soft-drinks-industry-levy](./Scala/hmrc_soft-drinks-industry-levy)

## Ruby

### Alphagov Publisher

Rails App

[https://github.com/alphagov/publisher](./alphagov_publisher)

### Alphagov Email Alert API

Rails App

[https://github.com/alphagov/email-alert-api](./alphagov_email-alert-app)

## Go

### Image Reflector Controller

[https://github.com/fluxcd/image-reflector-controller](./Go/fluxcd_image-reflector-controller)

### Kubernetes

https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes

## Python

### Pretalx Conference Management

[https://github.com/pretalx/pretalx](./Python/pretalx_pretalx)

### Jira hook handler

[https://github.com/InsolvencyService/Jira-Service](./Python/InsolvencyService_Jira-Service)

## DotNet Core

### Redundancy Payment Calculator

[https://github.com/InsolvencyService/RPSCalculationEngine](./DotNet/InsolvencyService_RPSCalculationEngine)

## C++

### Commodore64 Emulator

https://github.com/marioballano/emudore

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commodore_64#/media/File:C64_Block_Diagram_new.svg

## Smalltalk

### ESug Regis

[https://github.com/Lin777/Regis](./Smalltalk/Lin777_Regis)

### SUnit

[https://github.com/pharo-project/pharo/tree/Pharo9.0/src/SUnit-Core](./Smalltalk/pharo_sunit)

[https://github.com/gnu-smalltalk/smalltalk/tree/master/packages/sunit](./Smalltalk/gnu_smalltalk_sunit)

### Teachable

[https://github.com/astares/Pharo-Teachable](./Smalltalk/astares_Pharo-Teachable)

## Elixir

https://github.com/lexmag/statix

## Erlang

[https://github.com/heroku/redo](./Erlang/heroku_redo)

[https://github.com/beam-telemetry/telemetry_poller](./Erlang/beam_telemetry_telemetry_poller)

## Template

```
# <insert title from repo>

<insert link to the repo>

## <insert single sentence description>

## Where to start?

<link to the main or if no main, some other entry point>

## Threads to pull on
```

## Further reading

Dave Thomas
https://youtu.be/0AzkH8SYyOc?t=2327

Trisha Gee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zV079g7Irks

Kyle Brown
https://medium.com/@kylegenebrown/design-patterns-smalltalk-and-the-lost-art-of-reading-code-1727d93fd7fa

Commit message:

Fix up the link for the covid api.

README.md, after:

# code-reading

## Introduction

How often have you had to read an unfamiliar codebase?

We read code many, many times more than we write it, but we spend most of our 
time learning to write the code, and rarely spend the time to think about how we 
can improve our understanding of pre-existing code.

Join us as we dig into codebases and find out how to identify the key elements
of previously unknown source, identify patterns in the code, and dive into 
understanding how the internals of code we use is written.

Doing this will help you see how other folks write code, help you pick up a 
project faster, debug issues in dependencies, and improve your own code writing
skills.

## JavaScript

### Origami Image Service

[https://github.com/Financial-Times/origami-image-service](./JavaScript/Financial-Times_origami-image-service)

### Scottish (Irish) Covid Backend

[https://github.com/HSEIreland/covid-green-backend-api](./JavaScript/HSEIreland_covid-green-backend-api)

## TypeScript

### Scottish (Irish) Covid Mobile App

[https://github.com/HSEIreland/covid-tracker-app](./TypeScript/HSEIreland_covid-tracker-app)

## Java

### UK Government Payments Public API

Dropwizard-based Public Payments API.

[https://github.com/alphagov/pay-publicapi](./Java/alphagov_pay-publicapi)

### Apache James Email Server

Modular server for building mail servers in Java.

[https://github.com/apache/james-project](./Java/apache_james-project)

### UK Government Payments Reporting

Dropwizard-based API for Pay Ledger.

[https://github.com/alphagov/pay-ledger](./Java/alphagov_pay-ledger)

### UK Govermnent Letter sending service

Spring-boot based API for sending physical letters.

[https://github.com/hmcts/send-letter-service](./Java/hmcts_send-letter-service)

### German Corona-Warn-App Testresult Server

Sprint-boot based API for handling Covid test results.

[https://github.com/corona-warn-app/cwa-testresult-server](./Java/corona-warn-app_cwa-testresult-server)

### CarbonJ - A high-performance drop-in replacement to carbon-relay and carbon-cache

A Java-based Spring Boot application

[https://github.com/salesforce/carbonj](./Java/salesforce_carbonj)

## Scala

### UK Government Soft Drinks Levy API

[https://github.com/hmrc/soft-drinks-industry-levy](./Scala/hmrc_soft-drinks-industry-levy)

## Ruby

### Alphagov Publisher

Rails App

[https://github.com/alphagov/publisher](./alphagov_publisher)

### Alphagov Email Alert API

Rails App

[https://github.com/alphagov/email-alert-api](./alphagov_email-alert-app)

## Go

### Image Reflector Controller

[https://github.com/fluxcd/image-reflector-controller](./Go/fluxcd_image-reflector-controller)

### Kubernetes

https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes

## Python

### Pretalx Conference Management

[https://github.com/pretalx/pretalx](./Python/pretalx_pretalx)

### Jira hook handler

[https://github.com/InsolvencyService/Jira-Service](./Python/InsolvencyService_Jira-Service)

## DotNet Core

### Redundancy Payment Calculator

[https://github.com/InsolvencyService/RPSCalculationEngine](./DotNet/InsolvencyService_RPSCalculationEngine)

## C++

### Commodore64 Emulator

https://github.com/marioballano/emudore

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commodore_64#/media/File:C64_Block_Diagram_new.svg

## Smalltalk

### ESug Regis

[https://github.com/Lin777/Regis](./Smalltalk/Lin777_Regis)

### SUnit

[https://github.com/pharo-project/pharo/tree/Pharo9.0/src/SUnit-Core](./Smalltalk/pharo_sunit)

[https://github.com/gnu-smalltalk/smalltalk/tree/master/packages/sunit](./Smalltalk/gnu_smalltalk_sunit)

### Teachable

[https://github.com/astares/Pharo-Teachable](./Smalltalk/astares_Pharo-Teachable)

## Elixir

https://github.com/lexmag/statix

## Erlang

[https://github.com/heroku/redo](./Erlang/heroku_redo)

[https://github.com/beam-telemetry/telemetry_poller](./Erlang/beam_telemetry_telemetry_poller)

## Template

```
# <insert title from repo>

<insert link to the repo>

## <insert single sentence description>

## Where to start?

<link to the main or if no main, some other entry point>

## Threads to pull on
```

## Further reading

Dave Thomas
https://youtu.be/0AzkH8SYyOc?t=2327

Trisha Gee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zV079g7Irks

Kyle Brown
https://medium.com/@kylegenebrown/design-patterns-smalltalk-and-the-lost-art-of-reading-code-1727d93fd7fa
